<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">  <head>    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" />    <title>Rewrite FAQ</title>    <link href="css/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />    <style type="text/css">img.border{padding: 5px 5px 0px 5px;},ol{margin:0;padding:0}.c5{max-width:700pt;background-color:#ffffff;padding:72pt 72pt 72pt 72pt}.c6{color:#1155cc;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline}.c9{color:inherit;text-decoration:inherit}.c2{text-indent:36pt;margin-left:108pt}.c1{height:11pt}.c4{font-weight:bold}.c0{direction:ltr}.c3{text-indent:36pt}.c8{font-size:14pt}.c7{text-decoration:underline}.title{padding-top:24pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:36pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:6pt}.subtitle{padding-top:18pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-style:italic;font-size:24pt;font-family:"Georgia";padding-bottom:4pt}li{color:#000000;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial"}p{color:#000000;font-size:11pt;margin:0;font-family:"Arial"}h1{padding-top:24pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:18pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:6pt}h2{padding-top:18pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:14pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:4pt}h3{padding-top:14pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-size:12pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:4pt}h4{padding-top:12pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-style:italic;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial";padding-bottom:2pt}h5{padding-top:11pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-size:10pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:2pt}h6{padding-top:10pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:"Arial";padding-bottom:2pt}</style>  </head>  <body class="c5">    <h1>Connexions Rewrite Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)</h1>    <div class="toc">      <ul>        <li><a href="#general">General</a><br />          <ul>            <li><a href="#What-is-currently-under-development">What is currently under development?</a></li>            <li><a href="#Where-is-the-code">Where is the code?</a></li>            <li><a href="#Where-is-the-documentation">Where is the documentation?</a><br />            </li>          </ul>        </li>        <li><a href="#editor">Editor</a>           <ul>            <li><a href="#Where-can-I-use-see-the-new-editor">Can I use/see the new editor?</a></li>            <li><a href="#How-will-the-JavaScript-editor-work-with-the-Authoring-Client">How will the JavaScript editor work with the Authoring Client?</a><br />            </li>          </ul>        </li>        <li><a href="#editor">Workspace</a>          <ul>            <li><a href="#How-will-folders-work">How will folders work?</a></li>          </ul>        </li>        <li><a href="#unpub-repo">Unpublished Repository</a>          <ul>            <li><a href="#What-are-the-Unpub-Repo-Use-Cases">What are the Unpub Repo Use Cases?</a> </li>          </ul>        </li>        <li><a href="#published-repository">Published Repository (Archive)</a>          <ul>            <li><a href="#Is-there-an-Archive-API">Is there an Archive API?</a></li>            <li><a href="#How-will-the-data-be-stored">How will the data be stored?</a> </li>          </ul>        </li>        <li><a href="#logging">Logging</a>          <ul>            <li><a href="#How-will-logging-work">How will logging work?</a> </li>          </ul>        </li>        <li>Web View</li>        <p></p>      </ul>    </div>    <hr />    <h2><a id="general">General</a></h2>    <p><a id="What-is-currently-under-development"><b>What is currently under development?</b></a></p>    <p>Our current development is listed on the <a href="https://trac.rhaptos.org/trac/rhaptos/wiki/CNXRewrite">Connexions Dashboard</a>.</p>    <p><a id="Where-is-the-code"><b>Where is the code?</b></a></p>    <p>The Rewrite code is stored in the <a href="https://github.com/Connexions">Connexions Github repositories</a>.</p>    <p><b><a id="Where-is-the-documentation">Where is the documentation?</a></b></p>    <p>All of our documentation is in <a href="http://connexions.github.com/designdiscussions/">Github</a><br />    </p>    <h2><a id="editor">Editor</a></h2>    <p><a id="Where-can-I-use-see-the-new-editor"><b>Where can I use/see the new editor?</b></a></p>    <p><a href="http://oerpub.github.com/oerpub.editor/">Editor Demo</a></p>    <p><b><a id="How-will-the-JavaScript-editor-work-with-the-Authoring-Client">How will the JavaScript editor work with the Authoring Client?</a></b></p>    <p>See the <a href="http://connexions.github.com/designdiscussions/AuthoringServicesDesign.xhtml#editor">Editor</a> and <a        href="http://connexions.github.com/designdiscussions/AuthoringServicesDesign.xhtml#authoring-client">Authoring Client</a> requirements.</p>    <p></p>    <h2><a id="workspace">Workspace</a></h2>    <p><a id="How-will-folders-work"><b>How will folders work?</b></a></p>    See the <a href="http://connexions.github.com/designdiscussions/AuthoringServicesDesign.xhtml#workspace">Workspace requirements</a>.  Scroll down below the mockup to see the Folder details.<b><br />      <br />    </b>    <h2> <a id="unpub-repo">Unpublished Repository</a></h2>    <p><a id="What-are-the-Unpub-Repo-Use-Cases"><b> What are the Unpub Repo Use Cases?</b></a></p>    <p>See <a href="http://connexions.github.com/designdiscussions/AuthoringServicesDesign.xhtml#unpub-repo">Unpub Repo</a> Requirements</p>    <br />    <h2><a id="published-repository">Published Repository (Archive) </a><br />    </h2>    <p><b><a id="Is-there-an-Archive-API">Is there an Archive API?</a></b></p>    <p>The API is under development.  See the <a href="http://connexions.github.com/designdiscussions/ArchiveAPIRequirements.xhtml">requirements</a>.</p>    <p><a id="How-will-the-data-be-stored"><b>How will the data be stored?</b></a></p>    <p>The data will be stored the same as in the <a href="http://connexions.github.com/designdiscussions/Rewrite_Design_Decisions.xhtml#authoring-repository">Unpublished Repository</a></p>    <h2><a id="logging">Logging</a></h2>    <p><a id="How-will-logging-work"><b>How will logging work?</b></a></p>    <p>See <a href="http://connexions.github.com/designdiscussions/RewriteLogging.xhtml">logging documentation</a><br />    </p>  </body></html>