<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">  <head>    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" />    <title>Authoring Services One Pager</title>    <link href="../css/main.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />    <style type="text/css">img.border{padding: 5px 5px 0px 5px;},ol{margin:0;padding:0}.c5{max-width:700pt;background-color:#ffffff;padding:72pt 72pt 72pt 72pt}.c6{color:#1155cc;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline}.c9{color:inherit;text-decoration:inherit}.c2{text-indent:36pt;margin-left:108pt}.c1{height:11pt}.c4{font-weight:bold}.c0{direction:ltr}.c3{text-indent:36pt}.c8{font-size:14pt}.c7{text-decoration:underline}.title{padding-top:24pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:36pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:6pt}.subtitle{padding-top:18pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-style:italic;font-size:24pt;font-family:"Georgia";padding-bottom:4pt}li{color:#000000;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial"}p{color:#000000;font-size:11pt;margin:0;font-family:"Arial"}h1{padding-top:24pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:18pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:6pt}h2{padding-top:18pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:14pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:4pt}h3{padding-top:14pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-size:12pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:4pt}h4{padding-top:12pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-style:italic;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial";padding-bottom:2pt}h5{padding-top:11pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-size:10pt;font-family:"Arial";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:2pt}h6{padding-top:10pt;line-height:1.15;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:"Arial";padding-bottom:2pt}</style>  </head>  <body class="c5">    <p class="subtitle">Authoring Services One Pager </p>    <h3>What is Authoring Services?</h3>    <p>      <meta charset="utf-8" />      As part of the Connexions Rewrite, Authoring Services has three main components<br />      <ul>        <li>An almost WYSIWYG HTML 5 Editor that allows authors to enter their content and quickly see the visual results.</li>        <li>A Workspace that displays all the content a user has created or that has been shared with them.  The content can organized into folders and viewed by folder.</li>        <li>An Unpublished Content Repository (Unpub Repo) where content is stored before it is published in the Connexions Archive (published content repository).</li>      </ul>    </p>    <h3>What problems exist now?</h3>    <p>      <p>        <meta charset="utf-8" />        The current Authoring system in Connexions is powerful, but limiting.  If you are technically able to create your content using Latex or editing XML, you can create beautiful compelling textbooks.  For the non-technical, the options in the current system can intimidate and keep authors that want to use Connexions from adding to our repository.  Connexions has 3236 published authors, but has content that has never been published created by 5121 users. There appears to be a pattern of users trying out the current authoring tools and never completing their work.  The current system also does not provide any feedback to an author when export files (PDF, EPUB, etc.) are generated or when the generation fails. <br />      </p>      <h3>How does it solve these problems?</h3>      <p>        <meta charset="utf-8" />        Authoring Services solves the authoring issues by allowing authors to enter content using an editor similar to editors authors are familiar with, provides feedback on the publishing process and provides a Workspace that has simple organization and sharing.  Improved performance for all of this functionality will make authoring a much smoother, more pleasant experience.</p>      <h3>Release</h3>      <p>Authoring Services will be released in early 2013.</p>    </p>  </body></html>